# SBA 4 - Task Management

After having one of the hardest weekends of my life (unrelated to this project), it was hard for me to focus on the point of this project. As someone who was always self-taught in HTML, CSS, and (intermediate) Javascript, I have always favored on the aesthetics of a website more, and I realized that is one of my biggest flaws as it distracted me, shifting my priorities on the aesthetics as it's something I'm very comfortable with—which is what I wanted during the weekend. However because of this kind of mindset, I was not working efficiently. My previous process was this: build the html, css, and then javascript. This made me realize I was overcomplicating everything while I was trying to work on the filter buttons (which is what I struggled on the most). That was when I decided to simply just start over, merely working on the the basics of my HTML and what it should have, only a few stylings added into the CSS mainly for visual queues, and then focus more on the Javascript. I would finish all the bells and whistles on CSS after most of Javascript has been completed. Now onto the filter buttons. I knew how to create them, but making them filter how I wanted to was the real challenge for me. What I've written could really only handle one condition at a time, so I ended up using booleon and if statements. I think my trick is to verbally(?) say what I want my line of code to do and then translate it as simply as I could into Javascript. Lines like `let show = true` and  `if (catFilter !== 'all' && task.category !== catFilter) {show = false;}` worked for me as I was able to translate in my head as "This is going to show unless the category filter is not on *all* and the category does not match the filter." I hope that makes sense because in my head it did. The next challenge was the overdue requirement where the task would automatically be considered "overdue" if it's past the deadline. That was when I discovered the `.toISOString()` during my scavenge on MDN. I used this to take the date input by the user and then I could compare it to today to decide if a task was overdue or not. After that, this was when I could add a check in the displayTasks() and filterTasks() to update the task's status on its own. While I do think I handled this project wecently, I think I could clean up the Javascript more? I would like to see if I can write less code without losing its functionality.
